2019.2:
 * Version 5.0
 * Port Change: Added Initialization port
 * Bug Fix: Added workaround for IES simulator error
 * Feature Enhancement: Increased supported cache size
 * Feature Enhancement: Added fine-grained control over RAM utilization
 * Other: Update of control interface, no longer backwards compatible

2019.1.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Added DRC to check cache line length with ACE master coherency
 * General: Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices

2018.3.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2018.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Corrected statistics read for ports 8 - 15
 * Other: Added support for Virtex UltraScale+ 58g devices
 * Other: Updated HDL to avoid lint errors. No functional change.

2018.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Corrected XPM memory write strobe generation
 * Other: Added checks to prevent configurations with invalid master address space size

2017.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Allow 64 bit Master AXI data width when only using generic AXI slave ports
 * Bug Fix: Avoid losing transactions on AXI generic ports during arbitration
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for XPM memory
 * Feature Enhancement: Improved AXI bus interface design rule checks
 * Other: Added support for XA Zynq UltraScale+ and XA Spartan-7 devices

2017.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue with Read Allocate override parameter that could corrupt Read response
 * Other: Added support for Zynq UltraScale+ RFSOC and Virtex UltraScale+ HBM devices
 * Other: Removed unused source file

2016.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue that could cause WriteBack to be classified as WriteUnique. Version that has this issue: 4.0. Can only occur when C_COHERENCY is set to 2.
 * Bug Fix: Snoop with conflict could sometimes fail to update cache line properties. Version that has this issue: 4.0. Can only occur when C_COHERENCY is set to 2.
 * Feature Enhancement: Increase write buffer size
 * Feature Enhancement: Added WriteBack snoop extraction
 * Feature Enhancement: Added pipelining to improve timing for master coherent configuration

2016.3:
 * Version 4.0
 * Port Change: Added ACE signals to Master ports
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Master ACE support for UltraScale+ MPSoC PS Coherency
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 64-bit support on Control interface
 * Feature Enhancement: Added optional Secure transaction support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added optional processing of AXI errors
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Allocation and Buffer override
 * Other: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Other: Added support for Spartan 7 devices

2016.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Added AXI master bus interface property HAS_BURST

2016.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Avoid upgrade warnings
 * Corrected tooltip
 * Support for Virtex UltraScale devices at Production status
 * Added parameter enablement expressions for user parameters

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated family names for additional Ultrascale devices
 * Fixed potential dead-lock for rare cases with delayed write
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Ensure that S10_AXI_CRRESP is connected, no functional change

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Improved automatic assignment of address parameters to handle up to 64-bit addresses
 * Corrected DRC checking and assignment of AXI interface data widths
 * Allow different cache line lengths on optimized ports

2015.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Added additional generic ports
 * Increased optimized ports limit
 * Support handling of 16 word cache lines with coherency enabled
 * Support address width up to 64 bits
 * Added support for additional Ultrascale devices
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock interface

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Changed code to support third-party simulators, no functional changes
 * Removed revision control tags from source code comments, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Removed unused WebTalk core generation information, no functional changes
 * Adjusted RTL attributes to enable better quality of result, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed issue where some control register access with cache coherent configuration could hang
 * Fixed issue where cache line in rare circumstances could be unusable if rest occurs during allocation of that line
 * Support for Automotive Artix-7, Automotive Zynq, Defense Grade Artix-7, and Defense Grade Zynq devices at Production status

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Vivado-only core, with no functional changes compared to EDK version 2.00.a
 * Added support for cache coherency on Optimized ports
 * Added support for optional exclusive monitor in non-coherent configuration
 * Added support for cache maintenance operations from Control Interface
 * Added possibility to select statistics groups to include
 * Added optional version register
 * Fixed issue where read data from short transactions on the Generic port can be lost during very high load shortly after a cache miss

2012.4:
 * Version 1.01.c
 * Fixed issue with potentially incorrect data being read in rare cases when a cache line is reused very frequently

2012.3:
 * Version 1.01.b
 * Fixed issue with potentially incorrect data being written to memory when changing from cached to non-cached transaction for an allocated line

2012.2:
 * Version 1.01.a
 * Native Vivado release
 * Added cache sizes 256k and 512k

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2019 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
